docs(byob): explain Azure authentication options (#2967)
wandb/docs: platform/hosting/data-security/secure-storage-connector.mdx

        If data in your bucket expires because of an [object lifecycle management policy](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/blobs/lifecycle-management-policy-configure?tabs=azure-portal), you may lose the ability to read the history of some runs.
        </Note>

1. Choose an authentication method:

>     - **Storage account key**: Generate a storage account access key and record the key and storage account name. For Dedicated Cloud, share these values with your W&B team through a secure sharing mechanism.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Storage account key**: Generate a storage account access key and record the key and storage account name. For organizations on Dedicated Cloud, share these values with your W&B account team using a secure sharing mechanism.
```

>     - **Workload identity**: Don't generate or share a storage account key. The W&B System Console shows the principal ID of the deployment's managed identity. Grant that principal the **Reader** and **Storage Blob Data Contributor** roles on the storage account. W&B configures identity federation through one deployment-wide `wandb-bucket-access` Kubernetes ServiceAccount.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Workload identity**: Don't generate or share a storage account key. Instead, the W&B System Console shows the principal ID of the deployment's managed identity. Grant that principal the **Reader** and **Storage Blob Data Contributor** roles on the storage account. W&B configures identity federation through one deployment-wide Kubernetes service account named `wandb-bucket-access`.
```

>     - **Workload identity**: Don't generate or share a storage account key. Instead, the W&B System Console shows the principal ID of the deployment's managed identity. Grant that principal the **Reader** and **Storage Blob Data Contributor** roles on the storage account. W&B configures identity federation through one deployment-wide Kubernetes service account named `wandb-bucket-access`. <Note>For Self-Managed deployments, requires Operator Helm chart [v0.44.4+](https://github.com/wandb/helm-charts/releases/tag/operator-wandb-0.44.4).</Note>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Workload identity**: Don't generate or share a storage account key. Instead, the W&B System Console shows the principal ID of the deployment's managed identity. Grant that principal the **Reader** and **Storage Blob Data Contributor** roles on the storage account. W&B configures identity federation through one deployment-wide Kubernetes service account named `wandb-bucket-access`. <Note>For Self-Managed deployments, requires Operator Helm chart [v0.44.0+](https://github.com/wandb/helm-charts/releases/tag/operator-wandb-0.44.0).</Note>
```

1. Log in to W&B as a user with the `admin` role.
1. Click the user icon at the top, then click **System Console**.
1. Navigate to **Settings** > **System Connections**.
1. In the **Bucket Storage** section, select **Azure** as the **Provider**.
1. Enter the storage account name in **Bucket Name**.
1. Optional: Enter the **Path** to use in the new bucket.
1. In **Authentication**, select one of the following options:
    - **Storage account key**: Enter the storage account access key. Use this option to retain an existing key-based BYOB configuration.

>     - **Workload identity (user-delegation SAS)**: Copy the displayed **Managed identity principal ID** and grant it the **Reader** and **Storage Blob Data Contributor** roles on the storage account. You don't need to enter a tenant ID or client ID. This option requires the `operator-wandb` chart version 0.44.0 or later and a configured `global.azureStorageIdentity`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Workload identity (user-delegation SAS)**: Copy the displayed **Managed identity principal ID** and grant it the **Reader** and **Storage Blob Data Contributor** roles on the storage account. You don't need to enter a tenant ID or client ID. <Note>For Self-Managed deployments, requires Operator Helm chart [v0.44.4+](https://github.com/wandb/helm-charts/releases/tag/operator-wandb-0.44.4).</Note>
```

>     - **Workload identity (user-delegation SAS)**: Copy the displayed **Managed identity principal ID** and grant it the **Reader** and **Storage Blob Data Contributor** roles on the storage account. You don't need to enter a tenant ID or client ID. <Note>For Self-Managed deployments, requires Operator Helm chart [v0.44.4+](https://github.com/wandb/helm-charts/releases/tag/operator-wandb-0.44.4).</Note>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Workload identity (user-delegation SAS)**: Copy the displayed **Managed identity principal ID** and grant it the **Reader** and **Storage Blob Data Contributor** roles on the storage account. You don't need to enter a tenant ID or client ID. <Note>For Self-Managed deployments, requires Operator Helm chart [v0.44.0+](https://github.com/wandb/helm-charts/releases/tag/operator-wandb-0.44.0).</Note>
```
